thank you alves it had sun and it rains
Good night, good night, good night.
It is with great joy that I come here.
record this video to bet on our
video streaming there km and 621 fuck
back to today's activity
Unfortunately, I just can not hang out.
he because we are penalized right?
I do not know why not because
it matters well let's go to the end - it 's the
what matters
Thank you for all of you accompany me and
watching my videos is thanks to you
have expressive marks here that I want
share with you quickly
we are now 108 thousand nine hundred and
ninety-five thousand subscribers
is an expressive brand, I do not believe that
in a few days there the channel was opened
June 10 correct then today is day
27 August
June, July, August, 60 days have passed
until the 10th
then it is 77 days or in 77 days
reached the expressive mark until the
moment 108 1995 enrolled three million
nine hundred and thirty-six thousand
views by person channels there
has been well-attended since 2006,
a range of 110.12 million subscribers want
say then people have to come here to talk
That's because this is the ones that I have.
than to thank those marks beauty then
Come on , let's wash this video.
quickly I'm going out to get
exhaust are just 17 and 20
night
We still have a lot to do today.
we have given the leakage ready
kawasaki z750 looking for a part
that's from andré we'll put on the bike
tomorrow if god wants but rodrigo
90 is also looking for part then
that's not the way it comes first
will take because it is praxe of andré
So I'll see if by tomorrow I
provided another piece and was well
Nice thing, thank you all.
Call you tomorrow for the hangout
at 20:00 on the 62 km channel together I go
put the application here
Then it 's only you who come here in the
comments that you will see me
commenting on another channel then you already
access there is the channel for those who do not
have any have not yet know and
I'll try to put it here.
side-right canoeing highlight beauty
remembering we will have the donation of chang is
scheduled for September 7 holiday
of Saturday we count on the presence of
You 're to encourage is to try.
but to make sure that all the
people come and do this act of
charity with the next
this social action involving money
involves nothing but involves your good
will and collaboration and you have the
patience to wait an hour there
hour and a half, that is, to do all the
Sign in because it's my thing.
bureaucratic
But it's okay, I think it's going to be worth it.
we'll be there myself maybe some
other camcorder modes to pass this
time with you there and go out to a grandmother here
my store at 10 am to
need to get back to picking up other people
beauty because the bench of 19 fit 19
people were in the syringe because the
bruno there from the region is south of the city
then we'll put their data there
He does transport of school children, right?
transporting the future of our nation
and contributing to our action
social beauty and for those who donate blood
It will be stolen this helmet and maybe
my site for the value of 800 reais
It's a donation I make of
I heart all of you who want
who donated blood will leave the
name we will make a lot so yes
meeting so hawk acts with nothing
Beauty, it 's just me, it seems to me.
will also have some parts are
accompanying the base of the
We have the official box here.
can reach that of steel coatings will be
collected by an organ of the prefecture
we will all participate in what we have already
Are you giving us beauty?
we count on the presence of all of you
So
and this is it until the next video